contents/people/index.md, before:

---
title: People
template: people.html


committee:
  - name: Juan Benet
    subtitle: IPFS
    image: /static/img/people/juan_batizbenet.jpg
    bio: |
         Juan Benet created IPFS, Filecoin, and other open source protocols. He is the founder of Protocol Labs, a company improving how the internet works. He studied Computer Science (Distributed Systems) at Stanford University. Juan is obsessed with Knowledge, Science, and Technology.
  - name: Richard Caceres
    subtitle: Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/richard_caceres.jpg
    bio: |
         Richard joined the Internet Archive in January of 2016 as an engineer on the Books team after running his own startup and freelancing for a variety of clients. He has strong ideals, and is passionate about open, self-hosted and decentralized web technologies.
  - name: Constance Choi
    subtitle: Seven Advisory/COALA
    image: /static/img/people/constance_choi.jpg
    bio: |
         Constance is one of the principal drivers of global, collaborative, multi-stakeholder initiatives (www.blockchainworkshops.org andwww.coala.global) and her ongoing work is intended to foster sound public policy to allow blockchain technologies to fulfill the great social and economic promise of its technical ingenuity. Her company, Seven Advisory, also supports diverse public and private clients in global regulations, licensing and compliance, government advocacy, and strategic market development for blockchain technologies.
  - name: Primavera De Filippi
    subtitle:  Seven Advisory/COALA
    image: /static/img/people/primavera_defilippi.jpg
    bio: |
         Primavera De Filippi is a permanent researcher at the CERSA / CNRS / Université Paris II. She is a faculty associate at the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard Law School, where she is investigating the concept of governance-by-design as it relates to distributed online architectures, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. Primavera holds a PhD from the European University Institute in Florence. She is a member of the Global Agenda Council on the Future of Software & IT Services at the World Economic Forum, as well as the founder of the Internet Governance Forum’s dynamic coalitions on Network Neutrality, Platform Responsibility and Blockchain Technology (COALA). In addition to her academic research, Primavera acts as a legal expert for Creative Commons and the P2P Foundation.
  - name: David Dias
    subtitle: Protocol Labs/IPFS
    image: /static/img/people/david_dias.jpg
    bio: |
         David is a Peer-to-Peer Software Engineer at <a href="http://ipn.io">Protocol Labs</a>. He is building the InterPlanetary File System, which enables the creation of completely distributed applications. He has also contributed to nodesecurity.io and built several modules that enable developers to check for vulnerabilities. He has a Master of Science in Engineering with major in Peer-to-Peer Networks from Technical University of Lisbon.
  - name: Kyle Drake
    subtitle:  Neocities
    image: /static/img/people/kyle_drake.jpg
    bio: |
         Kyle Drake is a tech entrepreneur and the founder of Neocities. Kyle has contributed to numerous Bitcoin projects (including BitcoinJS), and is currently focusing on defining and building the distributed web.
  - name: Wendy Hanamura
    subtitle: Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/wendy_hanamura.jpg
    bio: |
         As the Director of Partnerships at the Internet Archive, Wendy uses her storytelling skills to share the remarkable stories locked in its collections. Previously, as Chief Digital Officer of KCETLink and Link TV, the national nonprofit media network, Wendy led diverse teams producing television series, apps, a semantic platform for global videos, international film contests and documentaries—all in the service of social change. Wendy began her career in journalism at Time magazine. She's reported and produced television content around the world for CBS, World Monitor Television, NHK (Japanese Broadcasting Corporation), and PBS.
  - name: Mek Karpeles
    subtitle:  Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/mek_karpeles.jpg
    bio: |
         Mek (@mekarpeles on GitHub) is a software engineer and citizen of the world dedicated to curating a living map of the universe's knowledge. His philosophies on open access and semantic knowledge systems can be explored at <a href="https://michaelkarpeles.com">https://michaelkarpeles.com</a>
  - name: John Light
    subtitle:  Bitseed
    image: /static/img/people/john_light.jpg
    bio: |
         John Light is a co-founder of Bitseed, author of Bitcoin: Be Your Own Bank, writer at the okTurtles Foundation, free software advocate and contributor, and advisor to cryptocurrency startups and investors. He organized Blockstack Summit NYC in 2015, founded the Buttonwood SF P2P Cryptocurrency Trading meetup in San Francisco, hosts the P2P Connects Us podcast, and is an avid reader and writer on the topics of peer-to-peer technology, philosophy, and culture. You can find John's website and blockchain ID at <a href="www.lightco.in">www.lightco.in</a>.
  - name: Joachim Lohkamp
    subtitle: Jolocom/Ouishare
    image: /static/img/people/joachim_lohkamp.jpg
    bio: |
         Joachim is an entrepreneur and tech enthusiast. He is obsessed with knowledge, change and innovation. Currently, he is Founder and CEO of Jolocom, a Berlin-based startup building decentralized tools that lets you generate your own digital identity to assist linkage and attribution of data. Besides that Joachim is a connector for Ouishare, currently curating the content for the Decentralization & Blockchain track of the next Ouishare Fest in Paris. Also he organizes GETDcent and is an active member of the Agora Collective in Berlin.
  - name: Trent McConaghy
    subtitle:  BigchainDB/ascribe
    image: /static/img/people/trent_mcconaghy.jpg
    bio: |
         Trent McConaghy is co-inventor of the world's first planetary-scale blockchain database, BigchainDB, and the creators-first IP service, ascribe. Previously, he worked on AI for designing computer chips to help drive Moore's Law.
  - name: Karissa McKelvey
    subtitle: The Dat Project
    image: /static/img/people/karissa_mckelvey.png
    bio: |
         Karissa McKelvey is a software developer, writer, inventor, and activist supporting an equitable web. Formerly a research scientist at Indiana University, her work studying online political communication resulted in multiple peer-reviewed papers and press in outlets such as NPR and the Wall Street Journal. In addition to an experienced software and web developer, she has successfully led teams to success with diverse projects throughout her career in academia, non-profits, and industry. In her spare time, she teaches beginning programmers, volunteers her time in social movements, and plays the trumpet.
  - name: Greg McMullen
    subtitle:  BigchainDB/ascribe
    image: /static/img/people/greg_mcmullen.jpg
    bio: |
         Greg is Chief Policy Officer at ascribe.io and BigchainDB.com. Before joining ascribe, Greg spent five years as a lawyer with one of Canada’s top class action law firms, where he worked on class actions against Facebook and the Government of Canada alleging privacy violations, and against Teranet alleging copyright infringement. Greg is on the Board of Directors of the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, and the author of the BCCLA handbook on laptop and smartphone searches at the Canadian border.
  - name: Courtney Mumma
    subtitle:  Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/courtney_mumma.jpg
    bio: |
         Courtney joined the Internet Archive in September of 2015 as Program Manager, with a focus on collaborative partnerships, grants management, community development, research initiatives, new services and sustainable innovation in web archives. Her career has been dedicated to building and fortifying the digital cultural heritage preservation sector, helping to build the Archivematica open source digital preservation system and community, as well as several other open source projects.
  - name: Max Ogden
    subtitle: The Dat Project
    image: /static/img/people/max_ogden.png
    bio: |
         Max Ogden is a software developer and founder of The Dat Project (<a href="http://www.wired.com/2014/08/dat/">http://www.wired.com/2014/08/dat/</a>), a grant funded software development non-profit. Max has lead the Dat team to work with data scientists, journalists and civic technologists to develop better tools for sharing datasets online. Prior to starting the Dat Project, Max was a Code for America fellow.
  - name: Paige Peterson
    subtitle: MaidSafe
    image: /static/img/people/paige_peterson.jpg
    bio: |
         Paige is an advocate for open standards, user privacy and decentralized technologies. She received a BFA practicing experimental art with a strong focus on complexity in nature through interactive installations. Her understanding of natural decentralized systems would map rather eloquently to her growing interest in censorship resistant technologies as she started working for mesh networking startup Open Garden and organizing many bitcoin and cryptocurrency events in San Francisco. In early 2014, Paige met Scotland-based company, MaidSafe who are building a peer-to-peer Internet stemming from similar principles within natural systems which were so attractive to her many years prior and she has been working on various communication efforts full-time with MaidSafe since.
  - name: Jeff Ubois
    subtitle:  Kahle/Austin Foundation
    image: /static/img/people/jeff_ubois.jpg
    bio: |
         For more than a decade, Jeff has worked as a consultant, foundation program officer, and foundation trustee specializing in media, memory, and digital preservation of cultural materials. Currently based in Chicago, Jeff serves on the boards of Questioncopyright, and the Kahle/Austin Foundation.


panelists:
  - name: Peter Van Garderen
    subtitle:  Founder, Artefactual Systems
    image: /static/img/people/peter_van_garderen.png
    bio: |
         Peter Van Garderen is the founder of Artefactual Systems and the original developer of the open-source Archivematica and AccessToMemory software. These applications are used to manage the preservation and access for hundreds of archival collections worldwide. Peter is a distinguished alumnus of the University of British Columbia's Master of Archival Studies program. He now works as an information management consultant designing electronic records and digital archives architectures <a href="http://vangarderen.net">http://vangarderen.net</a>. Peter's current research and prototyping interests are in the application of blockchain technologies to recordkeeping workflows and decentralized autonomous collections.

  - name: Chelsea Barabas
    subtitle:  MIT Mediat Lab/Center for Civic Media
    image: /static/img/people/chelsea_barabas.jpg
    bio: |
         Chelsea is the Head of Social Innovation at Digital Currency Initiative at MIT Media Lab, as well as a research assistant at MIT's Center for Civic Media. Chelsea leads the development of collaborations between the MIT research community and other institutions to build blockchain applications that serve the public interest. Previously, she worked on civic technology and international development projects in Africa, South America and the Middle East with a variety of organizations and research institutions including Nuru International.



---

Commit message:

Add organizers to home page below Keynote Speakers. Add short bios below keynotes. Update ipfs link

contents/people/index.md, after:

---
title: People
template: people.html

keynote_speakers:
  - name: Vint Cerf
    subtitle: TCP/IP
    image: /static/img/vint-cerf.jpg
    short_bio: |
               Vint Cerf, widely known as one of the "Fathers of the Internet", is vice president and Chief Internet Evangelist for Google, as well as the co-creator of the TCP/IP protocols.
    bio: |
         Vinton Gray "Vint" Cerf is an Internet pioneer, who is recognized as one of "the fathers of the Internet” for his co-invention of TCP/IP. His contributions have been acknowledged and lauded, repeatedly, with honorary degrees and awards that include the National Medal of Technology, the Turing Award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Marconi Prize, and membership in the National Academy of Engineering. Cerf has worked for Google as a Vice President and Chief Internet Evangelist since October 2005.

  - name: Cory Doctorow
    subtitle: Writer
    image: /static/img/cory-doctorow.jpg
    short_bio: |
               Cory Docotorow is an author, journalist, and Special Advisor at the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
    bio: |
         Cory Doctorow (<a href="http://craphound.com">craphound.com</a>) is a science fiction author, activist, journalist and blogger — the co-editor of Boing Boing (<a href="https://boinboin.net">boingboing.net</a>) and the author of the YA graphic novel IN REAL LIFE, the nonfiction business book INFORMATION DOESN’T WANT TO BE FREE, and young adult novels like HOMELAND, PIRATE CINEMA and LITTLE BROTHER and novels for adults like RAPTURE OF THE NERDS and MAKERS. He works for the Electronic Frontier Foundation and co-founded the UK Open Rights Group. Born in Toronto, Canada, he now lives in Los Angeles.

  - name: Brewster Kahle
    subtitle: Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/brewster-kahle.jpg
    short_bio: |
               Brewster Kahle is the founder and Digital Librarian of the Internet Archive, as well as a member of the Internet Hall of Fame.
    bio: |
         A passionate advocate for public Internet access, Brewster Kahle has spent his career intent on a singular focus: providing Universal Access to All Knowledge. He is the founder and Digital Librarian of the <a href="https://archive.org">Internet Archive</a>, the largest digital library in the world.  Since the mid-1980s, Kahle has developed technologies for information discovery, including the Internet’s first publishing system called Wide Area Information Server (WAIS), and Alexa Internet, which helps catalog the Web. Kahle is a member of the Internet Hall of Fame and serves on the boards of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and Public Knowledge.


committee:
  - name: Juan Benet
    subtitle: IPFS
    image: /static/img/people/juan_batizbenet.jpg
    bio: |
         Juan Benet created IPFS, Filecoin, and other open source protocols. He is the founder of Protocol Labs, a company improving how the internet works. He studied Computer Science (Distributed Systems) at Stanford University. Juan is obsessed with Knowledge, Science, and Technology.
  - name: Richard Caceres
    subtitle: Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/richard_caceres.jpg
    bio: |
         Richard joined the Internet Archive in January of 2016 as an engineer on the Books team after running his own startup and freelancing for a variety of clients. He has strong ideals, and is passionate about open, self-hosted and decentralized web technologies.
  - name: Constance Choi
    subtitle: Seven Advisory/COALA
    image: /static/img/people/constance_choi.jpg
    bio: |
         Constance is one of the principal drivers of global, collaborative, multi-stakeholder initiatives (www.blockchainworkshops.org andwww.coala.global) and her ongoing work is intended to foster sound public policy to allow blockchain technologies to fulfill the great social and economic promise of its technical ingenuity. Her company, Seven Advisory, also supports diverse public and private clients in global regulations, licensing and compliance, government advocacy, and strategic market development for blockchain technologies.
  - name: Primavera De Filippi
    subtitle:  Seven Advisory/COALA
    image: /static/img/people/primavera_defilippi.jpg
    bio: |
         Primavera De Filippi is a permanent researcher at the CERSA / CNRS / Université Paris II. She is a faculty associate at the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard Law School, where she is investigating the concept of governance-by-design as it relates to distributed online architectures, such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc. Primavera holds a PhD from the European University Institute in Florence. She is a member of the Global Agenda Council on the Future of Software & IT Services at the World Economic Forum, as well as the founder of the Internet Governance Forum’s dynamic coalitions on Network Neutrality, Platform Responsibility and Blockchain Technology (COALA). In addition to her academic research, Primavera acts as a legal expert for Creative Commons and the P2P Foundation.
  - name: David Dias
    subtitle: Protocol Labs/IPFS
    image: /static/img/people/david_dias.jpg
    bio: |
         David is a Peer-to-Peer Software Engineer at <a href="http://ipn.io">Protocol Labs</a>. He is building the InterPlanetary File System, which enables the creation of completely distributed applications. He has also contributed to nodesecurity.io and built several modules that enable developers to check for vulnerabilities. He has a Master of Science in Engineering with major in Peer-to-Peer Networks from Technical University of Lisbon.
  - name: Kyle Drake
    subtitle:  Neocities
    image: /static/img/people/kyle_drake.jpg
    bio: |
         Kyle Drake is a tech entrepreneur and the founder of Neocities. Kyle has contributed to numerous Bitcoin projects (including BitcoinJS), and is currently focusing on defining and building the distributed web.
  - name: Wendy Hanamura
    subtitle: Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/wendy_hanamura.jpg
    bio: |
         As the Director of Partnerships at the Internet Archive, Wendy uses her storytelling skills to share the remarkable stories locked in its collections. Previously, as Chief Digital Officer of KCETLink and Link TV, the national nonprofit media network, Wendy led diverse teams producing television series, apps, a semantic platform for global videos, international film contests and documentaries—all in the service of social change. Wendy began her career in journalism at Time magazine. She's reported and produced television content around the world for CBS, World Monitor Television, NHK (Japanese Broadcasting Corporation), and PBS.
  - name: Mek Karpeles
    subtitle:  Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/mek_karpeles.jpg
    bio: |
         Mek (@mekarpeles on GitHub) is a software engineer and citizen of the world dedicated to curating a living map of the universe's knowledge. His philosophies on open access and semantic knowledge systems can be explored at <a href="https://michaelkarpeles.com">https://michaelkarpeles.com</a>
  - name: John Light
    subtitle:  Bitseed
    image: /static/img/people/john_light.jpg
    bio: |
         John Light is a co-founder of Bitseed, author of Bitcoin: Be Your Own Bank, writer at the okTurtles Foundation, free software advocate and contributor, and advisor to cryptocurrency startups and investors. He organized Blockstack Summit NYC in 2015, founded the Buttonwood SF P2P Cryptocurrency Trading meetup in San Francisco, hosts the P2P Connects Us podcast, and is an avid reader and writer on the topics of peer-to-peer technology, philosophy, and culture. You can find John's website and blockchain ID at <a href="www.lightco.in">www.lightco.in</a>.
  - name: Joachim Lohkamp
    subtitle: Jolocom/Ouishare
    image: /static/img/people/joachim_lohkamp.jpg
    bio: |
         Joachim is an entrepreneur and tech enthusiast. He is obsessed with knowledge, change and innovation. Currently, he is Founder and CEO of Jolocom, a Berlin-based startup building decentralized tools that lets you generate your own digital identity to assist linkage and attribution of data. Besides that Joachim is a connector for Ouishare, currently curating the content for the Decentralization & Blockchain track of the next Ouishare Fest in Paris. Also he organizes GETDcent and is an active member of the Agora Collective in Berlin.
  - name: Trent McConaghy
    subtitle:  BigchainDB/ascribe
    image: /static/img/people/trent_mcconaghy.jpg
    bio: |
         Trent McConaghy is co-inventor of the world's first planetary-scale blockchain database, BigchainDB, and the creators-first IP service, ascribe. Previously, he worked on AI for designing computer chips to help drive Moore's Law.
  - name: Karissa McKelvey
    subtitle: The Dat Project
    image: /static/img/people/karissa_mckelvey.png
    bio: |
         Karissa McKelvey is a software developer, writer, inventor, and activist supporting an equitable web. Formerly a research scientist at Indiana University, her work studying online political communication resulted in multiple peer-reviewed papers and press in outlets such as NPR and the Wall Street Journal. In addition to an experienced software and web developer, she has successfully led teams to success with diverse projects throughout her career in academia, non-profits, and industry. In her spare time, she teaches beginning programmers, volunteers her time in social movements, and plays the trumpet.
  - name: Greg McMullen
    subtitle:  BigchainDB/ascribe
    image: /static/img/people/greg_mcmullen.jpg
    bio: |
         Greg is Chief Policy Officer at ascribe.io and BigchainDB.com. Before joining ascribe, Greg spent five years as a lawyer with one of Canada’s top class action law firms, where he worked on class actions against Facebook and the Government of Canada alleging privacy violations, and against Teranet alleging copyright infringement. Greg is on the Board of Directors of the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association, and the author of the BCCLA handbook on laptop and smartphone searches at the Canadian border.
  - name: Courtney Mumma
    subtitle:  Internet Archive
    image: /static/img/people/courtney_mumma.jpg
    bio: |
         Courtney joined the Internet Archive in September of 2015 as Program Manager, with a focus on collaborative partnerships, grants management, community development, research initiatives, new services and sustainable innovation in web archives. Her career has been dedicated to building and fortifying the digital cultural heritage preservation sector, helping to build the Archivematica open source digital preservation system and community, as well as several other open source projects.
  - name: Max Ogden
    subtitle: The Dat Project
    image: /static/img/people/max_ogden.png
    bio: |
         Max Ogden is a software developer and founder of The Dat Project (<a href="http://www.wired.com/2014/08/dat/">http://www.wired.com/2014/08/dat/</a>), a grant funded software development non-profit. Max has lead the Dat team to work with data scientists, journalists and civic technologists to develop better tools for sharing datasets online. Prior to starting the Dat Project, Max was a Code for America fellow.
  - name: Paige Peterson
    subtitle: MaidSafe
    image: /static/img/people/paige_peterson.jpg
    bio: |
         Paige is an advocate for open standards, user privacy and decentralized technologies. She received a BFA practicing experimental art with a strong focus on complexity in nature through interactive installations. Her understanding of natural decentralized systems would map rather eloquently to her growing interest in censorship resistant technologies as she started working for mesh networking startup Open Garden and organizing many bitcoin and cryptocurrency events in San Francisco. In early 2014, Paige met Scotland-based company, MaidSafe who are building a peer-to-peer Internet stemming from similar principles within natural systems which were so attractive to her many years prior and she has been working on various communication efforts full-time with MaidSafe since.
  - name: Jeff Ubois
    subtitle:  Kahle/Austin Foundation
    image: /static/img/people/jeff_ubois.jpg
    bio: |
         For more than a decade, Jeff has worked as a consultant, foundation program officer, and foundation trustee specializing in media, memory, and digital preservation of cultural materials. Currently based in Chicago, Jeff serves on the boards of Questioncopyright, and the Kahle/Austin Foundation.


panelists:
  - name: Peter Van Garderen
    subtitle:  Founder, Artefactual Systems
    image: /static/img/people/peter_van_garderen.png
    bio: |
         Peter Van Garderen is the founder of Artefactual Systems and the original developer of the open-source Archivematica and AccessToMemory software. These applications are used to manage the preservation and access for hundreds of archival collections worldwide. Peter is a distinguished alumnus of the University of British Columbia's Master of Archival Studies program. He now works as an information management consultant designing electronic records and digital archives architectures <a href="http://vangarderen.net">http://vangarderen.net</a>. Peter's current research and prototyping interests are in the application of blockchain technologies to recordkeeping workflows and decentralized autonomous collections.

  - name: Chelsea Barabas
    subtitle:  MIT Mediat Lab/Center for Civic Media
    image: /static/img/people/chelsea_barabas.jpg
    bio: |
         Chelsea is the Head of Social Innovation at Digital Currency Initiative at MIT Media Lab, as well as a research assistant at MIT's Center for Civic Media. Chelsea leads the development of collaborations between the MIT research community and other institutions to build blockchain applications that serve the public interest. Previously, she worked on civic technology and international development projects in Africa, South America and the Middle East with a variety of organizations and research institutions including Nuru International.



---
